hi guys today I'm going to show you how
to do this look which is based on the
character Lisbeth Salander from the
Millennium Trilogy um by Swedish writer
stieg larsson this is based on a photo
that I found which looks like this so
this is from the american version hi
Rooney Mara worm art rooney whatever the
her name is so this is more that on
the swedish version so yeah it's pretty
fun like but a straight look I feel like
it and here's the tutorial
because for the ice she has an orange
Arab and blacks i'm using my 120 palette
i'm picking up a couple of different
oranges at first starting somewhere in
the middle and just working my way down
most of this in black later the layer
underneath is supposed to be an order to
read work it out words and fade it out
humming rush for the edges
some why up here if you want to make it
even more highlighted but my skin is
really light alrighty so just going to
leave it like this if you want to have
one that into your skin can use white
just a little bit all right I'm taking
these to provide right orange and this
just work just read doing the same under
the eye
I'm just taking it down once
so this is pretty cool looking on its
own just the super orangey red I like
that moving on to black just adding that
on top of the orange but not all the way
to the top if we want some IV lines to
go to back up here equally good tame
them blend those two together
and give me everything that's lobby
and this is not supposed to be a pretty
girl look it's a good BF look this
character he has been through so many
horrible harsh things who made her a
badass and the way she looked that's
kind of well I like the fact you can
tell a little bit over the top a mixed
kind of her shield and her way to just
be allowed to be yourself in World War
and one wants to destroy her very much
so don't do it perfectly supposed to be
for the look we are going super nude I
already have some foundation on here so
i'm going to for even ourselves lighter
than a little wine right now
turn further I would see
smear that on there and then I'm coming
it with an exploit you can use common
ground with us if you want
one
alright looks basically yet the american
version she has eyebrows that are so
light you can't even see them show that
i have done my understand so i hope you
enjoyed this message cylinder or lisbeth
salander which is a real name look she's
pretty cool badass look like street look
and my bags don't want to stay in place
yeah so that was all for today guys
thanks for watching and I'll see you
next